stock_quant_analytic/README.rst, before:

====================
Stock Quant Analytic
====================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-account--analytic-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/tree/15.0.project_MI_465/stock_quant_analytic
    :alt: brain-tec/account-analytic

|badge1| |badge2| 

This module allows to add **analytic accounts** on stock moves using **Inventory Adjustments**.
When applying, adds the analytic account from the *stock.quant* to the *stock.move*.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_quant_analytic%0Aversion:%2015.0.project_MI_465%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* brain-tec AG

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Ángel Tornero Hernández <angel.tornero@braintec.com> (https://braintec.com)

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by braintec.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brain-tec/static/master/img/braintec_logo_readme.png
   :alt: braintec
   :width: 150px
   :target: https://braintec.com

As Odoo Gold Partner and Best Partner Europe 2016, 2020, 2021, we develop business software solutions that are
high-value and efficient.

Our 70 highly qualified employees are represented at nine locations in Switzerland, Germany, Austria and Spain.
With our experience, methodology and the most certified Odoo experts worldwide, we have successfully supported
over 300 companies in their digital transformation since 2000.

This module is part of the `brain-tec/account-analytic <https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/tree/15.0.project_MI_465/stock_quant_analytic>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[bt#25571] Added stock quant analytic account revaluation feature in stock_quant_analytic module.

stock_quant_analytic/README.rst, after:

====================
Stock Quant Analytic
====================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-account--analytic-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/tree/15.0.project_MI_465/stock_quant_analytic
    :alt: brain-tec/account-analytic

|badge1| |badge2|

This module allows to add **analytic accounts** on stock moves using **Inventory Adjustments**.
When applying, adds the analytic account from the *stock.quant* to the *stock.move*.
When adjusting product prices (standard price/cost), the created journal entry representing
the changed stock valuation within the inventory will have its lines grouped by the analytic
accounts set on the inventory quants.
A default analytic account and analytic tags can be set on newly created stock
quants based on their stock location.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_quant_analytic%0Aversion:%2015.0.project_MI_465%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* brain-tec AG

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Ángel Tornero Hernández <angel.tornero@braintec.com> (https://braintec.com)

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by braintec.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brain-tec/static/master/img/braintec_logo_readme.png
   :alt: braintec
   :width: 150px
   :target: https://braintec.com

As Odoo Gold Partner and Best Partner Europe 2016, 2020, 2021, we develop business software solutions that are
high-value and efficient.

Our 70 highly qualified employees are represented at nine locations in Switzerland, Germany, Austria and Spain.
With our experience, methodology and the most certified Odoo experts worldwide, we have successfully supported
over 300 companies in their digital transformation since 2000.

This module is part of the `brain-tec/account-analytic <https://github.com/brain-tec/account-analytic/tree/15.0.project_MI_465/stock_quant_analytic>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
